For my extra credit script, I was trying to come up with an idea that I would keep, possibly improve upon, and actually use in my life. When brainstorming, my girlfriend suggested making a character creator for Dungeons and Dragons, as my group of friends enjoys playing when we have time. At first, I doubted the usability of it, but in the end realized that it could be a very useful program, at least to speed up character creation.

Given D&D’s use of dice, leaving a brunt of the decision making to chance, I realized that I wanted to use Python’s random function. This enables me to “roll” the stats instantly, saving a lot of time. First, I simply did a roll of a single number between 3 and 18, since the stats are normally generated from 3 six sided dice. However, after some consideration, I decided it would be more realistic to roll the four six sided dice and remove the smallest number, just as you would do with real dice. Next, I wanted to implement a race choice, and make the appropriate stat changes per the chosen race. This part was tricky, as every race has different score increases, and one race, Half-Elf, allows a choice of two other stats to increase. This meant I needed to ask for two inputs of stats to increase, and ensure the correct stats were increased. However, I was able to implement two separate input statements, saving them to separate variables, and used an if statement to increase the corresponding stats. 

In my initial design of this script, I wanted to also include a class choice, which would take your stats and spit out more character information, such as HP. This became an issue, however, as it required stat modifiers to be saved as separate variables, which I had no way of doing with the method I used, creating a dictionary and iterating it through a for loop. However, I only had the basic week one and two knowledge of python. After doing the Object Oriented portion of the python class, I rewrote the script, using classes to generate character stats, races and classes. 

I have included for my submission the original script, along with a test script for the class choices, and then my final script, capable of doing all of the things I specified. This project was very interesting to me, and I will likely keep this code around and hopefully improve upon it. 
